hey everyone so if you follow me on
Twitter or Pinterest or Instagram or
Facebook you would know that the last
few weeks I've been mildly obsessed with
sponging my nails to create a really
cool effect that's what I've been doing
on my manicure Monday so if you do post
a picture of your manicure make sure you
hashtag it with manicure Monday so that
we can see what it looks like and share
with everyone
anyway sponging and we can create a
really cool effect so you start with a
base color and then you sponge and
effect over the top of it like I did a
light blue and then sponge a dark blue
and over the top of it and it created
this coastal ocean effect I did black
last week and I sponge like a bronze
metal over the top it looks really
really cool so it's so easy to do I'm
just gonna really quickly show you how
you can do it as well with stuff that
you've already got so what I've done for
today's manicure is I did China Glaze
for Audrey as my base color it's an
oldie but a goodie I do love this color
how to dig it out of the archives and
then on my one feature finger I guess
you can call it I've done face of
Australia's scream and this is an
excellent black if you're looking for a
good black polish to protes and it gives
you a nice big bossy coverage and then
what I've sponged over the top it's
always shine from their effects
what space effects or something
collection this is a couple of years ago
so this one's out of the archives book
but you want a metallic that's loaded
with pigment and it's really thick and
rich and then I grabbed a cosmetic
sponge I picked these up from Kohl's for
like I don't know two or three bucks for
a bag I use the triangle ones because I
find they're the best you can use the
corners on them what I do is I just put
a drop down of the Polish take a little
on the sponge and then sponge it on but
I'll quickly show you how I do that as
well and how I've created today's
beautiful manicure okay so to start off
with a piece of paper a piece of plastic
or something you can just put a few
drops of polish on too it's just easier
to get to it this way you take your
sponge a little bit on the corner and
just gently press it on ten nails go
half way two-thirds up you can do the
whole nail depending on the color effect
that you're going for I tend to go about
2/3 up and then if I'm doing like a
darker color over a lighter color I'll
often go over the tips again to create a
bit of an ombre effect the polish dries
quite quickly because obviously you're
only dabbing a really small amount on
I find that less is more when you're
doing a molten metal color like this and
there you go really quick and easy
that's the whole hand on straightaway
don't forget if you post a picture of
your manicure on Twitter or Facebook or
Instagram hashtag up with manicure on
Monday so that we can all share our
menus on Monday get inspired